docs/your-profile/deleting-your-profile.md, before:

---
sidebar_position: 8
description: "Learn how to permanently delete your daily.dev profile, including all associated content, bookmarks, posts, and comments. Important steps and considerations before proceeding."
---

# Deleting Your Profile

## How to Delete Your Profile

If you wish to delete your account on daily.dev, please follow these steps:

1. Go to your profile by clicking on your profile icon.
2. Click on "Account Details" in the profile menu.
3. Click on the "Security" section.
4. Scroll down until you reach the "Danger zone" section.
5. Click on the "Delete account" button.

![Profile deletion button in danger zone](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/9c569cf9-ddfb-4932-a73e-5ba6b11fe27c)

:::danger
**Important:** Deleting your account is **unrecoverable and cannot be undone**.
:::

## What Will Be Deleted?

When you delete your account, the following actions will occur:

1. Your profile, along with your authentication associations, will be permanently deleted.
2. All your content, including posts, bookmarks, comments, upvotes, etc., will be permanently removed.
3. Your username will become available to other users.

For any questions or assistance, feel free to contact [support@daily.dev](mailto:support@daily.dev), and our team members will be glad to help. Please remember, deleting your account is a permanent action, so proceed with caution.

Commit message:

docs(profile): update account deletion navigation steps (#500)

docs/your-profile/deleting-your-profile.md, after:

---
sidebar_position: 8
description:
  'Learn how to permanently delete your daily.dev profile, including all associated content,
  bookmarks, posts, and comments. Important steps and considerations before proceeding.'
---

# Deleting Your Profile

## How to Delete Your Profile

If you wish to delete your account on daily.dev, please follow these steps:

1. Click your profile icon in the top-right corner to open the menu.
2. Click **Settings** from the menu.
3. Click **Account** in the left sidebar.
4. Scroll down to the **Danger zone** section.
5. Click **Delete account**.
6. In the confirmation modal, review the message: _This will permanently delete your account and all
   associated data. This cannot be undone._ Then click **Yes, delete my account**.

Shortcut: [https://app.daily.dev/settings/security](https://app.daily.dev/settings/security)

If you have an active Apple subscription, the delete button is disabled. Cancel your subscription in
Apple first, then return to this page and delete your account.

:::danger **Important:** Deleting your account is **unrecoverable and cannot be undone**. :::

## What Will Be Deleted?

When you delete your account, the following actions will occur:

1. Your profile, along with your authentication associations, will be permanently deleted.
2. All your content, including posts, bookmarks, comments, upvotes, etc., will be permanently
   removed.
3. Your username will become available to other users.

For any questions or assistance, feel free to contact [support@daily.dev](mailto:support@daily.dev),
and our team members will be glad to help. Please remember, deleting your account is a permanent
action, so proceed with caution.
